[Java] Update Docs for Current State of K8S On-Premise Connectivity (#1120)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/environments/sap-btp-kubernetes-environment-with-sap-gardener.mdx

The Transparent Proxy will obtain the relevant destination from the destination service and use it to forward the request via the Connectivity Proxy to the On-Premise system.
Consequently, your app itself does not interact with destination or connectivity service at all and thus does not require bindings to these two services.

:::tip
This approach is conceptually different from what you may be used to from a CloufdFoundry environment.
The official [documentation of the Transparent Proxy](https://help.sap.com/docs/CP_CONNECTIVITY/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/e661713ef7d14373b57e3e26b0b03b86.html) gives more information on the architecture.
:::

:::caution Installing the Transparent Proxy
This guide assumes you have both the Transparent Proxy and Connectivity Proxy installed in your cluster.
Please refer to [this](https://help.sap.com/docs/CP_CONNECTIVITY/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/1c18e0ca10884dad994fc3d7e1d046d7.html) and [this](https://help.sap.com/docs/CP_CONNECTIVITY/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/23fc1100c60b45c58f09694b7f9c7700.html) documentation on how to install it if you haven't already.

> :::

Reviewer: I think this note should appear in the very beginning of this chapter.

        .execute(destination);
```

- Replace `namespace` in the URL with the namespace you installed the Transparent Proxy into

This will target the Kubernetes resource `example-dest` we created above which will be resolved to the destination we configured in that resource.
The code above shows an example how you can use it to perform an OData request.

:::note
Repeat this process for all _destination names_ you want to use in your application.
:::

### 2. Using the Connectivity Proxy

When using the Connectivity Proxy exclusively, without Transparent Proxy, you need to pass dedicated configuration to your deployment.

:::caution Installing the Connectivity Proxy
This guide assumes you have the Connectivity Proxy installed in the _"untrusted"_ mode in your cluster.
Please note that the untrusted mode requires a service binding or service key for an XSUAA service instance.
You will need this binding/key in the steps below.

Please refer to [this](https://help.sap.com/docs/CP_CONNECTIVITY/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/23fc1100c60b45c58f09694b7f9c7700.html) documentation on how to install it if you haven't already.

> :::

Reviewer: Rendering the big fat caution box thingy is maybe a bit harsh for a prerequisite.

So maybe we could point this out without making it look like a big thing (same also for the transparent proxy caution box).

    "verificationkey": "",
    "identityzone": "",
    "tenantid": "",
    "onpremise_proxy_port": "20003",
    "onpremise_proxy_http_port": "20003",
    "onpremise_socks5_proxy_port": "20004",
    "onpremise_proxy_ldap_port": "20001",
    "onpremise_proxy_rfc_port": "20001",
    "onpremise_proxy_host": ""
  }
}
```

Perform the following adjustments:

- Generate two random GUIDs and fill them into the fields `instance_guid` and `binding_guid`
- Fill the fields from line **16-26** with the corresponding values from the XSUAA credentials you created to run the Connectivity Proxy in untrusted mode
  - For `url` use the same value as `token_service_url`
- Update `onpremise_proxy_host` to contain the URL under which the Connectivity Proxy is reachable within your cluster
- Update the ports in case you configured custom values for them on the Connectivity Proxy

Next, create a new YAML file and insert the prepared JSON object into `connectivity-service-key`:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: connectivity-service-secret
type: Opaque
   stringData:
    connectivity-service-key: '{
        "label": "connectivity",
        "provider": null,
        ....
      }'

> ```

Reviewer: What could go wrong? 🙈

Finally, adjust your deployment YAML to contain these two entries under `volumes` and `volumteMounts`:

```yml title="deployment.yaml:"
  volumes:
    - name: conectivity-service-binding-volume
      secret:
        secretName: connectivity-service-secret
volumeMounts:
      - name: conectivity-service-binding-volume
        mountPath: '/etc/secrets/sapbtp/connectivity/connectivity-service'
        readOnly: true
```

Apply the YAML files for the changes to take effect.
Your app should now be ready to connect to On-Premise systems via the Connectivity Proxy.

:::tip Troubleshooting

> An error that no connectivity service binding could be found is an indicator that the secret is not configured correctly.
> You should double check the JSON, the secret and the volume mounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues about _"No connectivity service biding found"_ usually indicate a misconfiguration with the created secret.
To fix them, please double check the JSON, the secret, and the volume mounts
```
